Add border property to PageBreak (#139)
anvilistas/anvil-extras: docs/guides/components/page_break.rst

=========
For use in forms which are rendered to PDF to indicate that a page break is required.

> The optional ``margin_top`` property  allows to change the amount of white space at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional ``margin_top`` property  changes the amount of white space at the top of the page.
```

You can set the ``margin_top`` property to a positive/negative number to adjust the whitespace.
Most of the time this is unnecessary. This won't have any effect on the designer, only the generated PDF.

> The optional ``border`` property allows to define the style of the component in the IDE.

Reviewer: suggestion:

```text
The optional ``border`` property defines the style of the PageBreak.
```

Author: I think I have addressed all your points.

I also have addressed https://github.com/anvilistas/anvil-extras/issues/142, so I could test it.
